ActionMenu component (#3081)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/dry-flowers-dance.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": minor
"@navikt/ds-css": minor
---

> ActionMenu: :tada: New component! Replaces DropdownMenu as the go-to solution for floating menues. Includes support for grouping, sub-menus, checkboxes, radios and dividers. Read more in the documentation here: TODO ADD DOCS LINK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActionMenu: :tada: New component! Replaces DropdownMenu as the go-to solution for floating menus. Includes support for grouping, sub-menus, checkboxes, radios and dividers. Read more in the [documentation](https://aksel.nav.no/komponenter/core/actionmenu).
```
